Fix/5723  optional rich text pdf export (#5736)
tracim/tracim: backend/doc/branding.md

## Customize Note as pdf convertion rendering

> Tracim convert Note as PDF using both pandoc and Weasyprint tool is feature is activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert Note to PDF, Tracim is using both pandoc and Weasyprint tools. This feature need to be activated.
```
